Adds ConfigPlan model and features (#521)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config: docs/user/app_feature_config_plans.md

# Navigating Config Plans

> The natural progression that someone might have once they have a list of devices that are not compliant is to work toward making them compliant. To aid in this effort, the Golden Config application has the ability to generate plans containing sets of configuration commands from various sources with the intent of deploying them to devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The natural progression for the Golden Config app is providing the ability do execute config deployments, one specific example is to work toward making device configuration compliant. To aid in this effort, the Golden Config application has the ability to generate plans containing sets of configuration commands from various sources with the intent of deploying them to devices.
```

> The natural progression for the Golden Config application is providing the ability do execute config deployments. One specific example is to work toward making one or more devices configuration compliant. To aid in this effort, the Golden Config application has the ability to generate plans containing sets of configuration commands from various sources with the intent of deploying them to devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The natural progression for the Golden Config application is providing the ability to execute config deployments. One specific example is to work toward making one or more devices configuration compliant. To aid in this effort, the Golden Config application has the ability to generate plans containing sets of configuration commands from various sources with the intent of deploying them to devices.
```
